docs: Update Raspberry PI intro to use .NET 7 and new Uno.Templates (#12693)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/guides/raspberry-pi/raspberry-pi-intro.md

`sudo reboot`

> ## Install .NET 7

Reviewer: The header is referenced early, and will need to be updated as well (line 33)

> Now that our Pi is all up to date, we're ready to install the .NET Framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that our Pi is all up to date, we're ready to install the .NET 7 SDK.
```

> Run the following command;

Reviewer: The previous two statements still mention .NET Framework and .NET 5

`wget -O - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pjgpetecodes/dotnet7pi/main/install.sh | sudo bash`

> You can see the contents of this script [here]([scripts/install.sh](https://github.com/pjgpetecodes/dotnet7pi/blob/main/install.sh))

Reviewer: Is that a valid markdown?

> ![Install .NET](images/03_install-dot-net-5.gif)

Reviewer: nit: Consider renaming the image file

Once the process has completed, go ahead and reboot your Pi again with;

> `sudo reboot`

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```
sudo reboot
```
~~~

Once you're finished, you should be able to run the following to check your .NET version;

> `dotnet --info`

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```
dotnet --info
```
~~~

Now we have the moving parts installed on our Pi, we can spin up a brand new Uno solution with the following command;

> `dotnet new unoapp -o HelloPi --preset=blank --platforms=gtk --platforms="linux-fb" && cd unoapp1`

Reviewer 2: Since you renamed the project name from `unoapp1`, Don't you also need to change where this name is being referenced?
